---
layout: post
date: 2014-09-17
title: "Ideas with impact"
excerpt: "Help us generate policy ideas for the next Parliament."
---

Conference season is nearly upon us, and will kick off debate on policies for the next parliament. Wouldn't it be great if some of those policy ideas were generated by people with real experience and expert insights? 

Here's how we'd like to make that happen. 

We'd like to continue to get smart suggestions (not necessarily fully-formed proposals) from people who know what they're talking about. Then we'll put those ideas on the site and ask for comments, views, and links to relevant evidence or data. That extra input can help us develop the ideas into more fully formed proposals. It's similar to the way that policy officials develop an idea in a government department by looking up evidence and discussing how to develop the proposal with their colleagues - only this time we'd be doing it outside, rather than inside, government. 

We'll need a transparent process to make sure that the quality of the proposals is high, and to test their popularity (we're working on that process and will keep you posted on it). Using that process we'd select proposals to take to ministers, MPs and government officials. We'd hope that good ideas, backed up by credible evidence, could get straight into the relevant minister's box for consideration - and would spark the interest of shadow ministers, or backbench MPs. 

So that's what we're aiming for. If you don't think that what we've set out above is the right way of doing things, or if you think it can be improved then do contact us - we're always interested in feedback on how we're going about things.